
Tree: It's an old tree, with a thick tough and scarred trunk. The branches extend with twists into a seemingly never-ending pattern of lush green. There's a nest in one corner, and a knoll in between two branches, with possibly another nest, or a hive, I can't tell from here. I can hear the sound of the wind rustling through the leaves, and smell the earthy ground the tree is nestled in.
hot-air-balloon: It's a yellow and red hot air balloon, with an old wicker basket. The sand bags are dark and look heavy. The flame protruding from the envelope of the basket is hissing. I can smell the propane fuel, and feel the slight warmth of the fire. I grab onto the edge of the basket as the balloon lifts off into the air.
policeman: There stands the policeman. He is stern, but with a soft face. His blue uniform somehow looks both new and worn at the same time, with bright colors but deep wrinkles. The badge shines like a shield, his gun sits at his side like a bulldog, and where one would normally see a flashlight, he has an air-horn. Weird. He smiles at me, a weird psychotic smile, then he takes out his air-horn, and points it at me.
bridge:  I see a small wooden bridge, crossing over a creek in a country house backyard. It's sagging and crooked but sturdy where it sits. It leads to dark and mysterious woods . . .
ice-cream-cone: It's a yellow cone, sitting in a box of identical cones on an ice-cream parlor's counter. The crisscross pattern is imprinted with a golden logo: "Charlie's Cream Cones"
treasure-chest: The chest is long, about the length of a man, caked with dirt, but still visible are inlays of gold and rubies. As I turn the key, the ancient mechanism clicks. I can smell the scent of rot as I open the chest, I can feel the damp wood give a little as I squeeze it with my hand. Not quite sure what I see, I raise my lantern before the chest. Oh wait, this is a coffin. Probably still worth some money though.

Abstract List:

kindness: I see Jesus taking my place on the cross when I deserve death. I see a child holding the door for a stranger. I see a man giving up his spot in line, a father letting his son play with the father's favorite watch. I see a family purchasing gifts for another in need, I see you, giving me an A+ on this exercise.
honor: I see someone keeping her promise. I see someone turning in $5 they found on the floor instead of keeping it. I see a thief refusing to break a promise. I see you, grading my exercise fairly and based on the assignment, not based on my previous comment.
Envy: I see a boy glaring at his friend who got the latest game, when he didn't. I see the color green. I see myself, browsing amazon looking at stuff I don't have the money to buy, but wish I could. I just realized how weird that is. 
Surprise: I see my friend Jake, shocked by the surprise party his mom is throwing him on Friday, I see an old lady, scared by a kid screaming as he turns a corner in a grocery store (just being a kid, nothings really wrong). I see a Mom opening a gift she wanted, but didn't tell the family about.
Reconciliation: I see two friends talking again after a fight that lasted a month. I see an estranged uncle apologizing to the family for being a JERK last Christmas. LOL that's not gonna happen but that'd be nice. I see the presidents two countries at war shaking hands for a piece agreement.
loyalty: Well first off I see a lot of dogs. They're pretty loyal right? I see two partners in the Police Force. I see two honest partners in Crime. I see a man fighting for his country at war. I see someone showing up when their friend needs them.

Task List:

Raking Leaves: LEAVES ARE EVERYWHERE! The old man is panicking, raking as fast as he can. He told the wife he'd get it done before she came home, but she just called saying she was FIVE MINUTES AWAY! He's raking with an old wire rake, pulling up some of the grass as he does. The leaves are damp and don't want to move around, but the man is insistent. He pushes them behind the house just as the wife pulls up, and helps her out of the car.
Giving a Speech: I loosen my tie. I stare at the huge crowd before me. I clear my throat, and hear it echo. I'm about to start. Each second seems to go on for infinity. I take a deep breath, and begin my speech. "My name is Lucas Elliott, and I think toilet paper should be placed so it unrolls in the back..."
building a campfire: I add another log to the fire. It bangs against the side of the metal barrel. I pull the old sweatshirt around me tighter as I add more logs. I try and light the kindling, but it's too damp. I look back on my tent. I'd have to use some more of my bedding to light it. I go in, and grab the latest article on the current president, Opera. I stuff it in the fire. The paper burns away as the flame rises. I watch as the year stamped onto the page glows red before being engulfed in fire. "2029" it reads. Being Homeless sucks, I think. If only that one person at lumerit gave my study skills assignment a better score, I might have a job.
chasing a runaway pet: "Get back here!" I scream at my pet bear Tiny. I trip over another root, I catch myself. The dirt and sand sting my hand, but in an instant I'm up again. Leaves push against my face. I can still smell the blood of Tiny's last victim. Why couldn't I have just gotten a parakeet like normal people.
Treading water: I just drown.
